- Analysis Codes
- Analysis/GAGG_Plots contains ROOT Files of all histograms generated by Plot.C Macro.
- Analysis/Log_Files contains terminal output of Plot.C Macro.
- Shell script auto.sh automatically runs plotting macro (Plot.C) with varying energy bins (bins of 50keV) and saves the canvases generated into a single ROOT file. The terminal output is also logged.
- Map.png is a mapping of the copy no. of the detectors in the simulation.
- Macros:
    - Plot.C: This code plots the following histograms for a given energy bin:
        - Max energy deposited in a crystal in an event.
        - Number of crystals fired per event. (A filter of eDep > 10keV has been applied) 
        - Energy lost per event due to svattering out of detector geometry.
        - Hit pattern.
        - Energy of gun (For sanity check, must be flat as energy value was drawn from a uniform distribution).
        - eDep/eTrue; Normalized energy deposited in all crystals (Losses not added).
        - eAbs/eTrue; Normalized energy lost in absorber (BE and Compton losses are added).
        - Fraction of energy lost per event.
        - TProfile of number of hits (<N> vs eTrue).
    
    - Read.C: Used for debugging

    - Summary.C: Generate Summary Plots for entire simulation. The following quantities are plotted against bin centre of ETrue.
        - Prob of incident photon passing through without any interaction
        - Fraction of single hit events (Those that end in Photoelectric Deposition)
        - Average number of compton events
        - Average number of hits.